# Agenda &mdash; DIDComm User Group Meeting, 2022-06-01

This meeting uses [UnSync conventions](https://hackmd.io/@dhh1128/Sk5_Gb2J9) and takes place on our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/eNN4Wns6Jb); transcript of actual meeting chat published [here](202?-??-??-transcript.md).
[ [charter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/charter.md) | [meeting archive](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/meetings/) |  [schedule](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/schedule.md) ]

<hr>

### 1. First item of business: say "hi" on chat
Nothing fancy needed; just a wave. This helps us tell whether we have a quorum, interpret silence, hold people accountable, and know who we're collaborating with.

### 2. General Announcements
DIDComm Spec v2 was formally finished on Monday. It is now "Working Group Approved," which is as far as a standard goes at DIF. Next steps: errata + begin v3 at IETF.

### 3. Follow-up on action items
Please see https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/blob/main/meetings/2022-04-20.md#3-follow-up-on-action-items for some old action items that need closure.

### 4. Open PRs
We have [5 open PRs against the didcomm.org repo](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/pulls), not counting Daniel's one about Gossyp that is still a WIP. 

@Rodolfo, did you mean for [PR #44](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/pull/44) to be marked as WIP?

>**Proposed closure**: Please take a minute to review and either vote to merge, or leave a comment requesting changes.

### 5. Timo's Questions on Snorre's FAQ

Timo was reviewing Snorre's PR that creates the beginnings of a FAQ, and asked [two questions](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/pull/42#discussion_r873350584). These are worthy of comment by the larger group.

>**Proposed closure**: Leave your thoughts about the questions.

### 6. Daniel B's question about "compatible" verification method types

Daniel Bluhm asked a question [here](https://github.com/sicpa-dlab/didcomm-python/issues/56) and would like discussion from the user group.

>**Proposed closure**: Please visit the issue and leave your thoughts.

### 7. Timo's question about extending Discover Features with attachment formats

Does anybody have thoughts about how to extend Discover Features to understand attachment formats? Should we just use `feature-type` = `attachment`, or do we need more granular feature types, like `cred-attach` and `money-attach` and `evidence-attach` and `proof-attach`? 

>**Proposed closure**: discuss on chat

### 9. Last item of business: feedback

Did you think this meeting was effective? How could we improve?

>**Proposed closure**: Please leave your ideas in chat.
