# DIDComm User Group Meeting, 23 Feb 2022

This meeting uses [UnSync conventions](https://hackmd.io/@dhh1128/Sk5_Gb2J9) and takes place on our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/eNN4Wns6Jb).
[ [charter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/charter.md) | [meeting archive](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/meetings/) |  [schedule](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/schedule.md) ]

<hr>

### Ratify charter

We need to ratify the charter for this group. The proposal is here: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/pulls/3.

>**Proposed closure**: Please vote thumbs up or thumbs down. Poll closes at the end of the meeting. (We can always revise later.)

### Clarify repos

We have different kinds of content we might work on together.

 1. Protocol definitions
 2. Examples, implementation advice, and information about best practices (see ["The Book"](#the-book) agenda item below)
 3. Process docs, meeting agendas, material to share in special topics meetings, etc.
 4. Anything else?

Types 1 and 2 content both belong in didcomm.org (backed by https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org). Maintenance procedures are already defined here: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/blob/main/docs/maintainer-guide.md. I think this group should provide at least some of the maintainers for it. **I volunteer. I am looking for additional volunteers.**

@Telegramsam says that Type 3 content belongs in a different repo. **Please express opposite views on chat if you disagree.** I've 
created one and raised a PR with some initial content (charter courtesy of Sam). The chairs this group should be maintainers of that repo, but having one or two more might be good. **Any volunteers for this?**

>**Proposed closure**: Please volunteer on chat. If we don't get enough volunteers, chairs may nominate.

### The Book

The DIDComm WG started on something that they call the *Implementer's Guide*. It is the analog in DIDComm land to "The Rust Book" for Rustafarians, or to python.org's docs for Python. It's our place to document the theory behind a particular feature, show best practices, give advice, etc.

We will be brainstorming (on chat) topics to turn into a book outline over the next couple weeks, and will review at the next UnSync.

>**Proposed closure**: Please note the formal proposals on chat about some book details, and **vote** on those before the end of the meeting. Then, over the next two weeks, please add your topic/outline ideas for the book to the thread that we start in chat.