# Agenda &mdash; DIDComm User Group Meeting, 2022-03-23

This meeting uses [UnSync conventions](https://hackmd.io/@dhh1128/Sk5_Gb2J9) and takes place on our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/eNN4Wns6Jb); transcript of actual meeting chat published [here](202?-??-??-transcript.md).
[ [charter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/charter.md) | [meeting archive](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/meetings/) |  [schedule](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/schedule.md) ]

<hr>

### 1. First item of business: say "hi" on chat
Nothing fancy needed; just a wave. This helps us tell whether we have a quorum, interpret silence,  hold people accountable, and know who we're collaborating with.

### 2. Follow up on action items
* @Daniel H had an action item to fix the book so it displays properly on didcomm.org. This is done: https://didcomm.org/book/v2/.

* @Snorre: anything to report on the writeup of Q&A on when it's appropriate to use unencrypted messages?

* @Snorre: did you add our UG meeting announcement to the agenda of the next DIF Interop WG?

* @Rodolfo Miranda and @Lance Byrd volunteered to work on the Hello World section of the book. Any progress?

* @Rodolfo Miranda volunteers to spread the word in the Cardano community. Status?

* @Lance Byrd volunteers to do the same and maybe also WACI, other DIF WGs, KERI, and RootsID. Status?

* @John Jordan (BC Gov) volunteers to schedule a slot for a blog post at TOIP. Status?

* @Brian Richter (Aviary Tech) volunteers to start working on the Protocols section of the book. Status?

* @Daniel had an action item to figure out why @Brian Richter (Aviary Tech) didn't get an invitation on the didcomm-usergroup repo. I nagged DIF sysadmins about this but I didn't hear back, so I don't know if it's resolved.

@Brian Richter merged the PR we accepted last time. Thanks!

### 3. Where do next-gen protocol specs live? 

This question was raised by @swcurran (see group chat transcript in Discord, above the post of this agenda).

>**Proposed closure**: discuss on chat and see if we can get to a crisp recommendation during this meeting.

### 4. Timeouts

I (Daniel H) have begun working on a section of the book about timeouts. My PR isn't ready. However, I did raise a PR against the spec to clarify some language, based on what I was learning as I wrote. See https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-messaging/pull/348.

>**Proposed closure**: I will notify the UG of my PR to the book in the next few days, and I would like feedback (in Github, on the PR stream) as soon as it's ready. Then we can discuss whether we want to accept the PR in the next UnSync.

### 5. Gatsby expertise

I want to find someone in our community who knows about Gatsby, so we are better able to modify didcomm.org. 

>**Proposed closure**: Anybody know anybody? If so, please note it in chat.

### 6. Preso to CCG

I have asked the chairs of the CCG for an opportunity to give a presentation about DIDComm to them. I will try to share my preso with this UG in advance and would appreciate any input.

>**Proposed closure**: Please provide feedback on preso. Also, please help me socialize the talk in advance so the CCG meeting is well attended. (I will post back here when I know the date.)

### 9. Last item of business: feedback

Did you think this meeting was effective? How could we improve?

>**Proposed closure**: Please leave your ideas in chat.
