# Agenda &mdash; DIDComm User Group Meeting, 2022-05-22

This meeting uses [UnSync conventions](https://hackmd.io/@dhh1128/Sk5_Gb2J9) and takes place on our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/eNN4Wns6Jb); transcript of actual meeting chat published [here](202?-??-??-transcript.md).
[ [charter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/charter.md) | [meeting archive](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/meetings/) |  [schedule](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/schedule.md) ]

<hr>

### 1. First item of business: say "hi" on chat
Nothing fancy needed; just a wave. This helps us tell whether we have a quorum, interpret silence, hold people accountable, and know who we're collaborating with.

### 2. General Announcements

Voting on DIDComm v2 spec likely at next week's DIDComm WG; come if you want to vote.

SICPA wants to contribute DIDComm v2 support to Aries Bifold.

### 3. Follow-up on action items

Thanks for the several PRs that were raised last week.

### 4. Action problem on didcomm.org
Our github action that verifies PRs against didcomm.org is failing. *Building* the site works -- it's only verification that seems to fail. The problem seems to be a dependency. I don't understand the error; when I manually run the same command on my box, it works. Here's an example of the problem: https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/runs/6424091243?check_suite_focus=true

>**Proposed closure**: Is there anybody with more wisdom or skill on this that might be able to troubleshoot?

### 5. Analyze DWN (digital web node)

DIF has begun talking about Digital Web Nodes. I understand this to be an evolution of the concept of hubs. Some people have asked how this relates to DIDComm. In a way, this seems like the next generation version of the question that we had about agents and hubs. Is there any member of this group that knows more?
https://identity.foundation/decentralized-web-node/spec/

>**Proposed closure**: can we decide in a chat conversation whether/where/when we need to do research to describe the relationship between these two technologies? Anybody want to volunteer to do it?

### 6. Call for FAQ

At my (Daniel's) suggestion, @Snorre started a DIDComm FAQ that had one interesting question in it. I think we should gather others.

>**Proposed closure**: brainstorm FAQ questions on chat.

### 7. Sam's metaphor: DIDComm as a control channel

Sam has compared DIDComm to the role of a control channel in cell phone infrastructure: device negotiates with tower, then switches to another channel for the main voice transmission.

Question: How should we formalize this type of behavior? Should there, for example, be a "trust negotiation protocol" that uses DIDComm to establish trust for, say, VOIP -- and then you take the keys chosen in that protocol and use them in VOIP but are able to transfer the trust? How would this relate to sessions (discussed in our last meeting)?

>**Proposed closure**: Explore/share ideas in chat.

### 9. Last item of business: feedback

These meetings feel moderately effective to me, but we're not using high-bandwidth stuff like recorded presentations at all. And we have okay attendance but not great attendance. Any ideas to improve?

>**Proposed closure**: Please leave your ideas in chat.
