# DIDComm User Group Meeting, 2022-03-09

This meeting uses [UnSync conventions](https://hackmd.io/@dhh1128/Sk5_Gb2J9) and takes place on our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/eNN4Wns6Jb); transcript of actual meeting chat published [here](2022-03-09-transcript.md).
[ [charter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/charter.md) | [meeting archive](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/meetings/) |  [schedule](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/schedule.md) ]

<hr>

### 1. First item of business: say "hi" on chat
Nothing fancy needed; just a wave. This helps us tell whether we have a quorum, interpret silence,  hold people accountable, and know who we're collaborating with.

### 2. Follow up on maintainers
@Brian and @James: Thank you for volunteering to be maintainers of repos. Can you confirm that you received the relevant github invitations, accepted them, and have read the docs about maintainer procedures [for didcomm.org](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/blob/main/docs/maintainer-guide.md) and [for this repo](../contributing.md)?

If anybody else wants to volunteer to be a maintainer, please feel free.

### 3. Getting the word out

I (Daniel H) have been announcing this meeting in DIF, TOIP, and Hyperledger Aries. I also did preliminary announcements in the W3C CCG mailing list. Questions:

1. Who attends other meetings (e.g., DIF interop group, WACI/PEx, Human Colossus, OIDC, IETF work on KERI, etc) that can socialize more broadly?
2. How do we feed updates to Identosphere, DIF and TOIP's regular newsletters, etc?
4. Should we should be socializing at conferences or groups that are outside the SSI orbit? LinkedIn? RSA conference? If so, where and how?
5. How can we make sure that our UG announcements are on autopilot, so it doesn't require unsustainable heroics to get the word out?
6. Are we all subscribed to the [mailing list](https://lists.identity.foundation/g/didcomm-usergroup)?

>**Proposed closure**: Please make concrete proposals on chat about how to answer these questions. Volunteers appreciated.

### 4. PR from Brian

[@Brian raised a PR](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/pull/27) that adds some links to the main page. Since this was cosmetic, I just merged it. If you object, please note your concerns in the chat.

### 5. Preliminary PR on Guidebook

We have a [PR for the outline and some initial content for the DIDComm Guidebook](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/pull/26). Any content in this PR comes directly from the DIDComm WG repo, where efforts on an Implementer's Guide began but have been stalled a bit. As discussed in our last meeting, we are taking over maintainership of the resource.

I'd like to get this PR merged asap. The point is not to make the content great (yet), but to create a permalink for the resource, and to get the WG's github repo cleaned up. We can improve the content later. Current content includes everything we brainstormed in our last meeting.

>**Proposed closure**: Please review the PR in Github and give an approval (in Github, not in Discord) for it to be merged (or itemize things that need to be fixed before you're comfortable). I propose that we try to merge the PR immediately after this meeting closes, unless requests for changes cause a delay.

### 6. Volunteers for Guidebook Sections

Is anybody interested in volunteering to write a section of the book? Could be a tiny section, or something more ambitious. See outline in the PR above.

>**Proposed closure**: Please volunteer in chat.

### 9. Last item of business: feedback

Did you think this meeting was effective? How could we improve?

>**Proposed closure**: Please leave your ideas in chat.
