# Agenda &mdash; DIDComm User Group Meeting, 2022-08-10

This meeting uses [UnSync conventions](https://hackmd.io/@dhh1128/Sk5_Gb2J9) and takes place on our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/eNN4Wns6Jb); transcript of actual meeting chat published [here](202?-??-??-transcript.md).
[ [charter](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/charter.md) | [meeting archive](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/meetings/) |  [schedule](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm-usergroup/tree/main/schedule.md) ]

<hr>

### 1. First item of business: say "hi" on chat
Nothing fancy needed; just a wave. This helps us tell whether we have a quorum, interpret silence, hold people accountable, and know who we're collaborating with.

### 2. General Announcements
* Rodolfo's [PR about DID rotation](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/didcomm.org/pull/49) has been merged.
* The DIDComm Working Group discussed what we ought to present about DIDComm at IIW. Recommendation: be thinking about this.
* The Open Wallet Foundation is starting up (still in formative stages). This is an initiative with Linux Foundation DNA that is going to attempt to define a common interface for wallets -- partly as a counterbalance to Google and Apple defining wallets without any open source influence. If you want to be involved, please contact Jim St. Clair (TOIP slack is a good way to find him).

### 3. Collaborate on Rich Chat paper?
Karim Stekelenberg of Animo is interested in writing a paper at RWOT (The Hague, Sep 26-30) about building rich chat atop DIDComm. [Here is his prospectus](https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot11-the-hague/blob/master/advance-readings/advanced-didcomm-messaging.md).

Proposed closure: Anybody want to collaboate? Anybody have input for him?

### 4. Steve's note about progress on quantum-safe algorithms.

Steve McCown noted that NIST has made recent progress on certifying some algorithms for post quantum.

>**Proposed closure**: Discuss the following questions on Discord:
* 
* Does anybody know anything about the equivalent efforts by the EU? (I know such efforts exist, but I don't know their status, the name of the initiative, or whether they are selecting the same algorithms.)
* Does anybody have any experience using any of the algorithms they're picking?
* What is consensus on when/how we ought to start experimenting with these?

### 5. DIDComm v3 wish list
I've begun a hackmd doc listing things I'd like to see in DIDComm v3. We've talked informally about these things, but to my knowledge we didn't have a place to accumulate a written record. So I wanted to invite everyone to add to this and/or refer to this if it's useful: https://hackmd.io/@dhh1128/B1ZdtbZC9/edit

>**Proposed closure**: have a look and add your thoughts. If anything in there doesn't make sense or feels controversial, let's discuss in our UG Discord channel.

### 6. Existing PRs against didcomm.org

Rodolfo has raised a number of useful PRs against the didcomm.org website repo. A couple have been open since our last meeting.

>**Proposed closure**: @Rodolfo, at least one is marked WIP. Is it still WIP? Setting that one aside, do you believe the ones that are old are ready to merge? I had a look, and they've had some good comments, but I can't tell if we feel settled about them. Please make a recommendation about next steps. Everyone else: please comment, especially on the new ones Rodolfo opened a few days ago.
